TINY-8641: Add the `dispatchChange` function to the `undoManager` (#7840)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - New `editor.undoManager.fireIfChanged` API to fire change event only if the last undoManager content layer is diffrent from the current editor content #TINY-8641

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New `dispatchIfChanged` UndoManager API to fire the `change` event if the last UndoManager content layer is different from the current editor content #TINY-8641
```
This still mentioned `fireIfChanged`. I've also reworded it a little.

Author: done

- Fixed incorrect word breaks in menu dropdowns with scrollbar #TINY-8572
- The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content #TINY-8458
- Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection contains a `contenteditable="false"` element located at the edge of content #TINY-8729

> - `uploadImages` no longer triggers two `change` events if there is an error on upload #TINY-8641

Reviewer: This isn't correct... it only triggers if removing images, not on error.

Author: ok, I changed it in:
```
`uploadImages` no longer triggers two `change` events if there is a removal of images on upload #TINY-8641
```
